doc: K8s tutorial (#12452)
cloudquery/cloudquery: website/pages/docs/deployment/kubernetes.mdx

---
title: Deploying CloudQuery to a Kubernetes
description: In this tutorial we will set up CloudQuery on a Kubernetes as a CronJob.
tag: tutorial
date: 2023/07/20
image: https://i3.ytimg.com/vi/3dJVj6JjHqY/maxresdefault.jpg
video: https://youtu.be/3dJVj6JjHqY
---

import { Callout } from 'nextra-theme-docs';

# Deploying CloudQuery using Kubernetes CronJobs

In this tutorial we will set up a Kubernetes CronJob to run CloudQuery Sync on a regular schedule.

> Due to its flexibility and standardization across all cloud providers, Kubernetes is the #1 way that DevOps & Platform Engineers prefer to deploy workloads and microservices.

Reviewer: Maybe keep `Kubernetes is the #1...` out? and keep it a bit more opinionated.

Author: I feel that the search numbers support the claim, but I'm happy to change it.
Would this work better for you?
```suggestion
Due to its flexibility and standardization across cloud providers, Kubernetes is commonly used by DevOps & Platform Engineers when deploying workloads and microservices.
```
